My name is Lilah.
I'm in grade eight.
I'm from Port Elgin Regional School.
My name is Cai.
I’m in grade 8 at Port Elgin
Regional school.
At our school, we do student council.
And at the beginning of the year
they fill us in
and then we get given roles.
And our role in some council
is to decide activities
and plan everything
that's going on around the school.
So like dances and, parties
and these extra things that happen
like, games
and whatever is going on around school
spirit days and stuff like that.
And we meet, once a week,
and the whole school
meets every first Tuesday of the month.
And we meet
and we talk about these things.
We make posters and we it's
very inclusive, an amazing event.
We do.
I feel like
it's important to me
because I'm out of my bubble mind
and I speak more, and I use my voice,
and I speak my own opinions and decisions,
and I feel like it's important
for everyone
because you get to meet new people,
especially if you're a student
and you get out of your problem
like a lion might get educated more.
And you also learn
how to be more respectful and as well.
So I think extra activities are important
so that you can learn
more about the outside world
and what your future career could be like.
And these things
that we might not have access
to at our homes or in our communities,
that we can come to school
and we can have access to these things,
no matter how much money you make
or all these things, it's very inclusive
and it doesn't matter what race you are,
what everything in the school is very
diverse and I like that.
I feel
like it's important for other schools
because I feel like,
you learn more about yourself
and other people and the world around you
and how you to might improve
on what you want to improve in life,
and hopefully in your career.
And I will say, and your school work
and as well and these activities,
I feel like
you should be more confident and.
I would encourage other schools to do this
act these activities or these learning
extra things that we do,
because it's a great way for kids
to learn
more about what's happening in the world.
And what's happening like in their school,
in their community and everything.
And, it's very inclusive and
it is a great program.
Everything that we do
and happy for us is really great,
and it's a great way
to like, learn more things.
Right.